---
title: Motion Capture teknologia animaatiossa part 1
image: image1.jpg
author: ville
categories: [news, updates, product]
tags: [featured, news]
hidden: true
---

## History of private equity and venture capital
Whitewater Oy on vuonna 2005 perustettu animaatio-alan yritys Turusta. Historiamme aikana olemme nähneet alan kehityksen. Toteutamme teknisiä animaatioita, sosiaalisen median mainoksia, TV-mainoksia, kaikkea missä tarvitsetkin animaation keinoa saada viestisi kuuluviin. Tärkeintä toiminnassamme on aina ollut koko ajan uudistua ja innostua uusista tekniikoista.



- Post-money valuation
- High-yield debt
- Venture capital financing
- Liquidation preference

Entrepreneurs often become not only overconfident about their startups but also about their personal influence on an outcome (case of illusion of control). Entrepreneurs tend to believe they have more degree of control they have over events, discounting the role of luck. Below are some of the most important [decision biases](#) of entrepreneurs in start up a new business.

## Knowledge representation and reasoning
Many entrepreneurs seek feedback from mentors in creating their startups. Mentors guide founders and impart entrepreneurial skills and may increase self-efficacy of the nascent entrepreneurs.

{% include image.html src="image5.jpg" alt="Alt for image" %}

Design thinking is used to understand the customers' need in an engaged manner. Design thinking and customer development can be biased, because they do not remove the risk of bias because the same biases will manifest themselves in the sources of information, the type of information sought, and the interpretation of that information.

> The blockquote element represents content that is quoted from another source, optionally with a citation which must be within a footer or cite element.

Someone famous in Source Title
Startups use a number of action principles (lean startup) to generate evidence as quickly as possible to reduce the downside effect of decision biases such as escalation of commitment, overconfidence, and illusion of control.
